README.md, before:

# Android client for RabbitMQ Management

The main purpose of this projects is to allow view and manage data provided by RabbitMQ Management plugin.

## Requirements

This application targets Android 4.0 version and newer.

## Dependencies

This application takes advantage of the fantastic work of the authors of such libraries as:

1. [Butter Knife][1] by Jake Wharton
2. [Retrofit][2] and [OkHttp][3] by Square
4. [Joda-Time][3] by Joda.org
5. [Jackson][4] by FasterXML
6. [ActiveAndroid][5] by pardom
7. [MPAndroidChart][7] by Philipp Jahoda

## Continuous Integration

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tommus/rabbitmq-management-android.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tommus/rabbitmq-management-android)

## Contact

If you like my work and want to hire me or order a job - please do not hesitate to contact me via:

- [**LinkedIn**][8]
- [**StackOverflow**][9]

[1]: https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife
[2]: https://github.com/square/retrofit
[3]: https://github.com/square/okhttp
[4]: https://github.com/JodaOrg/joda-time
[5]: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson
[6]: https://github.com/pardom/ActiveAndroid
[7]: https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart
[8]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomasz-dzieniak-09a70098
[9]: http://stackoverflow.com/users/2057291/tommus

Commit message:

Move API-related code to separate module.
* Add null-predicates for stats availability in overview activity.
* Correct styles - add navigation and status bar colors for style with missing action bar.
* Update gradle scripts.
* Update readme.

README.md, after:

# Android client for RabbitMQ Management

The main purpose of this projects is to allow view and manage data provided by RabbitMQ Management plugin.

## Requirements

This application targets Android (4.0) Ice Cream Sandwich and newer.

## Project Modules

RabbitMQ Management for Android consists of the following modules:

1. **rabbitmq-management** - main module, where most of the client-side code is placed
2. **api** - module that contains implementation of REST method handlers for RabbitMQ Management API
3. **widgets** - module with custom widgets created for project needs

## Dependencies

This application takes advantage of the fantastic work of the authors of such libraries as:

1. [Butter Knife](https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife) by Jake Wharton
2. [Retrofit](https://github.com/square/retrofit) and [OkHttp](https://github.com/square/okhttp) by Square
4. [Joda-Time](https://github.com/JodaOrg/joda-time) by Joda.org
5. [Jackson](https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson) by FasterXML
6. [ActiveAndroid](https://github.com/pardom/ActiveAndroid) by pardom
7. [MPAndroidChart](https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart) by Philipp Jahoda

## Continuous Integration

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tommus/rabbitmq-management-android.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tommus/rabbitmq-management-android)

## Contact

If you like my work and want to hire me - please do not hesitate to contact me via:

- [**LinkedIn**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomasz-dzieniak-09a70098)
- [**StackOverflow**](http://stackoverflow.com/users/2057291/tommus)
